README.md, before:

# Pluralsight
 A repository for pluralsight course material and projects

## Projects

### HTML
[Hello Pluralsight](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/HTML/Hello%20Pluralsight)  

### ASP.NET Core
[Add Features to Grade Book Application Using C#](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/ASP.NET%20Core/Add%20Features%20to%20Grade%20Book%20Application%20Using%20C%23)  
[Create a StarChart Web API using ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/ASP.NET%20Core/Create%20a%20StarChart%20Web%20API%20using%20ASP.NET%20Core)  
[Improve Security of an ASP.NET Core Application Using Validation](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/ASP.NET%20Core/Improve%20Security%20of%20an%20ASP.NET%20Core%20Application%20Using%20Validation)  
[Configuring an ASP.NET Core Application for Security](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/ASP.NET%20Core/Configuring%20an%20ASP.NET%20Core%20Application%20for%20Security)  
[Build a Wishlist Application with ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/ASP.NET%20Core/Build%20a%20Wishlist%20Application%20with%20ASP.NET%20Core)  
[Add Authentication to an Existing ASP.NET Core Wishlist Application](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/ASP.NET%20Core/Add%20Authentication%20to%20an%20Existing%20ASP.NET%20Core%20Wishlist%20Application)  

## Interactive Courses
[C# Using and Handling Exceptions](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20and%20Handling%20Exceptions)  
[C# Using Async and Await to Run Code Asynchronously](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20Async%20and%20Await%20to%20Run%20Code%20Asynchronously)  
[C# Using Classes, Methods, Objects and Loops](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20Classes%2C%20Methods%2C%20Objects%20and%20Loops)  
[C# Using Defensive Programming to Refactor Code](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20Defensive%20Programming%20to%20Refactor%20Code)  
[C# Using Interfaces](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20Interfaces)  
[C# Using LINQ Queries & Operators](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20LINQ%20Queries%20%26%20Operators)  
[C# Using Variables and Conditionals](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20Variables%20and%20Conditionals)  

## Paths
### Building Web Applications with Blazor Path
[Blazor The Big Picture](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Blazor%20The%20Big%20Picture/What%20Is%20Blazor%20and%20How%20Does%20It%20Work)  
### .NET Base Class Library Path
[Working with Files and Streams in C#](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Working%20with%20Files%20and%20Streams%20in%20C%23)  
### C#
[Dates and Times in .NET](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Dates%20and%20Times%20in%20.NET)  
[C# Interfaces](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/C%23%20Interfaces)  
[Working with Nulls in C#](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Working%20with%20Nulls%20in%20C%23)  
### C# Application Practices
[Clean Architecture Patterns, Practices, and Principles](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Clean%20Architecture%20Patterns%2C%20Practices%2C%20and%20Principles)  
[Getting Started with Dependency Injection in .NET](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Getting%20Started%20with%20Dependency%20Injection%20in%20.NET)  
### C# Coding Practices
[SOLID Principles for C# Developers](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/SOLID%20Principles%20for%20C%23%20Developers)  
### Microsoft Power BI for Analysts
[Building Your First Power BI Report](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Building%20Your%20First%20Power%20BI%20Report)  
### ASP.NET MVC 5
[Getting Started with ASP.NET SignalR](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Getting%20Started%20with%20ASP.NET%20SignalR)  
### .NET Developer on Microsoft Azure Path
[Microsoft Azure for .NET Developers - Building Secure Services and Applications]()

<!-- ## Courses
[CQRS in Practice](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/CQRS%20in%20Practice)  -->

Commit message:

Using HttpClient to Consume APIs Complete

README.md, after:

# Pluralsight
 A repository for pluralsight course material and projects

## Projects

### HTML
[Hello Pluralsight](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/HTML/Hello%20Pluralsight)  

### ASP.NET Core
[Add Features to Grade Book Application Using C#](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/ASP.NET%20Core/Add%20Features%20to%20Grade%20Book%20Application%20Using%20C%23)  
[Create a StarChart Web API using ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/ASP.NET%20Core/Create%20a%20StarChart%20Web%20API%20using%20ASP.NET%20Core)  
[Improve Security of an ASP.NET Core Application Using Validation](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/ASP.NET%20Core/Improve%20Security%20of%20an%20ASP.NET%20Core%20Application%20Using%20Validation)  
[Configuring an ASP.NET Core Application for Security](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/ASP.NET%20Core/Configuring%20an%20ASP.NET%20Core%20Application%20for%20Security)  
[Build a Wishlist Application with ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/ASP.NET%20Core/Build%20a%20Wishlist%20Application%20with%20ASP.NET%20Core)  
[Add Authentication to an Existing ASP.NET Core Wishlist Application](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Projects/ASP.NET%20Core/Add%20Authentication%20to%20an%20Existing%20ASP.NET%20Core%20Wishlist%20Application)  

## Interactive Courses
[C# Using and Handling Exceptions](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20and%20Handling%20Exceptions)  
[C# Using Async and Await to Run Code Asynchronously](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20Async%20and%20Await%20to%20Run%20Code%20Asynchronously)  
[C# Using Classes, Methods, Objects and Loops](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20Classes%2C%20Methods%2C%20Objects%20and%20Loops)  
[C# Using Defensive Programming to Refactor Code](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20Defensive%20Programming%20to%20Refactor%20Code)  
[C# Using Interfaces](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20Interfaces)  
[C# Using LINQ Queries & Operators](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20LINQ%20Queries%20%26%20Operators)  
[C# Using Variables and Conditionals](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Interactive%20Courses/C%23%20Using%20Variables%20and%20Conditionals)  

## Paths
### Building Web Applications with Blazor Path
[Blazor The Big Picture](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Blazor%20The%20Big%20Picture/What%20Is%20Blazor%20and%20How%20Does%20It%20Work)  
### .NET Base Class Library Path
[Working with Files and Streams in C#](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Working%20with%20Files%20and%20Streams%20in%20C%23)  
[Using HttpClient to Consume APIs in .NET Core]()  
### C#
[Dates and Times in .NET](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Dates%20and%20Times%20in%20.NET)  
[C# Interfaces](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/C%23%20Interfaces)  
[Working with Nulls in C#](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Working%20with%20Nulls%20in%20C%23)  
### C# Application Practices
[Clean Architecture Patterns, Practices, and Principles](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Clean%20Architecture%20Patterns%2C%20Practices%2C%20and%20Principles)  
[Getting Started with Dependency Injection in .NET](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Getting%20Started%20with%20Dependency%20Injection%20in%20.NET)  
### C# Coding Practices
[SOLID Principles for C# Developers](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/SOLID%20Principles%20for%20C%23%20Developers)  
### Microsoft Power BI for Analysts
[Building Your First Power BI Report](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Building%20Your%20First%20Power%20BI%20Report)  
### ASP.NET MVC 5
[Getting Started with ASP.NET SignalR](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/Getting%20Started%20with%20ASP.NET%20SignalR)  
### .NET Developer on Microsoft Azure Path
[Microsoft Azure for .NET Developers - Building Secure Services and Applications]()

<!-- ## Courses
[CQRS in Practice](https://github.com/freddie2025/Pluralsight/tree/master/Courses/CQRS%20in%20Practice)  -->
